6.3.15 release note (release-6.3). (#5001)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes/release-notes-630.rst

* Added several counters to the master metrics to count the number of requests of each type received. `(PR #4829) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4829>`_
* Added ``RecoveryCount`` to trace events when tLog begins. `(PR #4944) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4944>`_
* Added metrics to compare the bandwidth used by data distributions and updates. `(PR #4907) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4907>`_

> * Fixed the bug throttling normal txns and batch txns rates immediately to 0 when lease times out. `(PR #4932) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4932>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Batch transactions could be throttled with an error when the latency between ratekeeper and some proxies was high. `(PR #4932) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4932>`_
```

> * Fixed the bug that batch txns are miscounted when they are throttled. `(PR #4932) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4932>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix accounting issue that could cause higher priority GRV requests to be rejected after many batch priority requests have been rejected on a proxy. `(PR #4932) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4932>`_
```
